Add Twin Trials Contest Results news post (#9386)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/Twin_Trials_Contest/en.md

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Announcement | 2023-02-01 |
| Submission | 2023-02-01/2023-03-15 |
| Judging | 2023-03-15/2023-04-05 |
| Community vote and lazer playlists | 2023-04-10/2023-04-24 |

> | Results | 2023-05-01 |

Reviewer: date?

- **Submissions must not be Qualified until after the community vote ends.**
- **Each team cannot create more than one submission per game mode.**
- **A user cannot participate in more than one team per game mode.**

## Results

> Each of the 5 difficulties had its own judging category, aiming to evaluate the difficulty's overall quality. These were weighted according to each difficulty's complexity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the 5 difficulties had its own judging category, aiming to evaluate its overall quality. The point distribution was weighted according to each difficulty's complexity:
```

> - **Easy** (8 points max)
> - **Normal** (9 points max)
> - **Hard** (10 points max)
> - **Insane** (11 points max)
> - **Expert** (12 points max)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Difficulty | Max points |
| :-- | :-- |
| Easy | 8 |
| Normal | 9 |
| Hard | 10 |
| Insane | 11 |
| Expert | 12 |
```

The following categories were evaluated across all difficulties in a submission:

> - **Musical representation** (20 points max) - How the mapset expresses the song through overall structure, patterning, and hitsounding (if relevant to the game mode)
> - **Creativity** (20 points max) - How innovative the mapset is relative to other submissions and the mode's general mapping practices
> - **Judges impression** (10 points max) - General impression (and anything else of note in a submission that doesn't fit a preset categories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Judgement category | Max points | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Musical representation | 20 | How the beatmap expresses the song through overall structure, patterning, and hitsounding (if relevant to the game mode) |
| Creativity | 20 | How innovative the beatmap is relative to other submissions and the game mode's general mapping practices |
| Judges' impression | 10 | General impression and anything else of note in a submission that does not fit existing categories |
```

### osu!

> | Rank | Team | Map | Representation | Creativity | Impression | X | I | H | N | E | Total |

Reviewer: why not go for something sane like E N H I X order?

> | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-- | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: | --: |
```

| 9 | [Salute, bebra](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64254979ba751857a432b4ad) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1973571) | 114 | 127 | 51 | 75 | 71 | 58 | 54 | 52 | **602** |
| 10 | [Nightcord at Various Times](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a2b146d25b6715501cf) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972105) | 108 | 110 | 44 | 61 | 58 | 55 | 41 | 46 | **523** |
| 11 | [FUMO 20 GRAMMI IN 10 SEC CAR](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a2c146d25b6715501df) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972425) | 110 | 89 | 40 | 62 | 58 | 55 | 50 | 49 | **513** |
| 12 | [nilou mains](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a2b146d25b6715501d3) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972507) | 105 | 104 | 43 | 62 | 59 | 52 | 46 | 36 | **507** |
| 13 | [Double Trouble](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a2b146d25b6715501c7) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972412) | 59 | 55 | 19 | 32 | 27 | 28 | 21 | 24 | **265** |

### osu!taiko

> | Rank | Team | Map | Musical rep. | Creativity | Impression | X | I | H | N | E | Total |

Reviewer: also these headers should be consistent for all of these tables

| 6 | [why are we here](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a71146d25b6715502ba) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1974129) | 78 | 71 | 33 | 34 | 37 | 37 | 40 | 46 | **376** |
| 7 | [pishifat](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a71146d25b6715502ae) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972413) | 80 | 82 | 32 | 22 | 26 | 36 | 45 | 46 | **369** |
| 8 | ["world cup"](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a71146d25b6715502b6) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972607) | 73 | 77 | 27 | 32 | 32 | 38 | 43 | 43 | **365** |
| 9 | [Ppassapgosu](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a71146d25b6715502c6) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972919) | 73 | 69 | 28 | 32 | 34 | 39 | 40 | 46 | **361** |
| 10 | [IceDynamix](https://mappersguild.com/contests/results?submission=64123a71146d25b6715502b2) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1972310) | 66 | 68 | 29 | 32 | 34 | 30 | 39 | 45 | **343** |

### osu!(lazer) playlist leaders

> - **Easy playlist** 
>   - osu!: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958)
>   - osu!taiko: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502)
>   - osu!catch: [\[ Primakien \]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23941998)
>   - osu!mania: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216)
> - **Normal playlist**
>   - osu!: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958)
>   - osu!taiko: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502)
>   - osu!catch: [AnApple7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12567935)
>   - osu!mania: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216)
> - **Hard playlist**
>   - osu!: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958)
>   - osu!taiko: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502)
>   - osu!catch: [Yasinnnnnn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17482520)
>   - osu!mania: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216)
> - **Insane playlist**
>   - osu!: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958)
>   - osu!taiko: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502)
>   - osu!catch: [AnApple7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12567935)
>   - osu!mania: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216)
> - **Expert playlist**
>   - osu!: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958)
>   - osu!taiko: [Grape_Tea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9540073)
>   - osu!catch: [Kimitakari](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4741164)
>   - osu!mania: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/osu.png) osu! | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch | ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| **Easy playlists** | ::{ flag=US }:: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958) | ::{ flag=JP }:: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502) | ::{ flag=VN }:: [\[ Primakien \]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23941998) | ::{ flag=US }:: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216) |
| **Normal playlists** | ::{ flag=US }:: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958) | ::{ flag=JP }:: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502) | ::{ flag=LV }:: [AnApple7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12567935) | ::{ flag=US }:: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216) |
| **Hard playlists** | ::{ flag=US }:: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958) | ::{ flag=JP }:: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502) | ::{ flag=TR }:: [Yasinnnnnn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17482520) | ::{ flag=US }:: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216) |
| **Insane playlists** | ::{ flag=US }:: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958) | ::{ flag=JP }:: [Yukiama95](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18535502) | ::{ flag=LV }:: [AnApple7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12567935) | ::{ flag=US }:: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216) |
| **Expert playlists** | ::{ flag=US }:: [fieryrage](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3533958) | ::{ flag=JP }:: [Grape_Tea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9540073) | ::{ flag=RU }:: [Kimitakari](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4741164) | ::{ flag=US }:: [mashu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12028216) |
```
